Use cuFile direct device reads/writes by default in cuIO (#9722)
rapidsai/cudf: docs/cudf/source/basics/io-gds-integration.rst

Many IO APIs can use GPUDirect Storage (GDS) library to optimize IO operations. 
GDS enables a direct data path for direct memory access (DMA) transfers between GPU memory and storage, which avoids a bounce buffer through the CPU. 
GDS also has a compatibility mode that allows the library to fall back to copying through a CPU bounce buffer. 

> The SDK is available for download `here <https://developer.nvidia.com/gpudirect-storage>`_. Newer versions are also a part of CUDA toolkit (11.4 and higher).

Reviewer: AFAICT this file is formatted one sentence per line.
```suggestion
The SDK is available for download `here <https://developer.nvidia.com/gpudirect-storage>`_.
Newer versions are also a part of CUDA toolkit (11.4 and higher).
```

> The SDK is available for download `here <https://developer.nvidia.com/gpudirect-storage>`_. Newer versions are also a part of CUDA toolkit (11.4 and higher).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SDK is available for download `here <https://developer.nvidia.com/gpudirect-storage>`_.
GDS is also included in CUDA Toolkit 11.4 and higher.
```

> Use of GPUDirect Storage in cuDF is enabled by default, but can be disabled through environment variable ``LIBCUDF_CUFILE_POLICY``. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use of GPUDirect Storage in cuDF is enabled by default, but can be disabled through the environment variable ``LIBCUDF_CUFILE_POLICY``. 
```

- "ALWAYS": Enable GDS use; GDS compatibility mode is *on*.
- "OFF": Compretely disable GDS use.

> Any other value (or no value set) will enable the GDS use, with compatibility mode turned *off*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any other value (or no value set) will enable GDS use with compatibility mode turned *off*.
```

> Any other value (or no value set) will enable the GDS use, with compatibility mode turned *off*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any other value (or no value set) will enable GDS use, with compatibility mode turned *off*.
```

- "ALWAYS": Enable GDS use; GDS compatibility mode is *on*.

> - "OFF": Compretely disable GDS use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- "OFF": Completely disable GDS use.
```
